the legend of goes is a legend
belonging to the first generation in
this is narrated the events that led
to the creation of gose and as his
behavior was perceived in the game
In addition, details about its
possible attack
according to the coast theory initially it would be
part of hunter's evolution this
it would be evolution through level and
it was through exchange however
it was finally decided to program it as
secondary form of any pokemon
ghost hunter code is much resembles
but more fat and buy are more
small in the remakes resembles more
castle and this may mean that your
attacks would be of the ghost type
has participated in a well-known legend
like pokemon black version the legend
revolves around him and his only attack is
course that differentiates the attack of the
second generation
this attack can make a person disappear
Pokemon besides this can kill
trainers however the game
ends with the character of goes
becoming visible for the last time as
rival and eliminating his own coach
what shows a kind of rivalry
with any coach like the
ghosts do not trust anyone and as
they do not have feelings either
the difference between the games is that the
first generation goes was one color
dark violet with white eyes and
a macabre smile that frightens the
pokemon his two hands were always
stuck to his body and it seemed to be a
kind of solid ghost in the
remakes happens to be a kind of cloud
Lilac gas with yellow eyes te
you die before and without showing limbs or
something similar resembling to a large extent
click
playing with a goes is just as
dangerous to play with my signs and
Equally beneficial is the trick
in entering a code in the pokemon
blue English version to appear
is my sign in the form of a coach this one
may be attacked but will have a level
very high yet still very powerful
in the wild it will be very weak and
difficult to catch
they know mackerel gonal was a bit like
a type of pure ice introduced in the
fifth generation know and taquan is a
fictional god invented by the writer
american august erler associated with the myth
from the good I say dragon to taqwa belong
to two different universes but
coincide in many data relating to their
lifestyle is possible that at the time
to design to create diagonal
will inspire in Itaguá born between
clouds of snow and ice and capture their
victims surrounding them with a chain of
ice that is capable of generating
physically it is usually a figure of
ice but when it decreases its
temperature goes to gaseous state now
let's move on to how it manifests itself as
a cloud of snow and ice and captures
their victims wrapping them with a
tissue composed of pure ice that he
segrega can manifest itself as a
monstrous hominid or in code but
it is also that it happens to maintain a
hazy appearance characterized by
the bright eyes
how can you notice its characteristics
they are very similar but not only their
features but also the way
in which they represent this pokemon
along with this god a very
interesting especially on how it
they based to create this pokemon
if you liked the video you should not give
like to subscribe to continue enjoying
of content like this thank you